hey everyone listen listen get around
okay I saw a monster it came to me from
out of the sky a sound I saw it a
mythical creature I have only heard
exist in legend yeah I did
no I did no I saw it doesn't exist get
this ridiculous story and tell the truth
I am telling the truth
we believe you Nicci
welcome to the SES stands for small food
exists sucker we have been collecting
proof of the small foots existence
behold the scroll of invisible wisdom
imagine of bees and stuff they put on
here this proves nothing I know what I
saw wait he's gone
I should introduce myself small foot oh
that's supposed to fall out like that
[Music]
the world is a mysterious place
there are marvels of nature just waiting
to be discovered by those who are daring
enough to look Marvel's like the
creature I had only heard existed in
legend a mythical monster straight out
of your worst nightmares with wild lies
in a hideous face and feet that were
amazingly freakishly
it's a terrifying creature with perfect
white teeth and breath that just smells
all minty fresh and only hair if it has
on its entire body is on the top step oh
you're scared of Hey don't be scared
it's look it's just a story everyone
knows that the small foot isn't real or
anything
[Music]
oh that's nice real nice waitis Carm for
life
[Music]